hey guys jon rettinger guest editor for
pocketnow.com here with a hardware
review for you of the just-released
blackberry storm so let's go ahead and
get started move the camera down so you
guys can see the device I'll go over and
run over some of these specs with you
lengthwise the phone is four point four
three inches width wise it's 2.4 inches
depth point five five and clocking in
wait why is just five point five ounces
so it's a little bit on the heavier side
but definitely not bad let's phone is
highlighted by for hardware buttons
across the top you've got your green
send key your typical blackberry menu
button a back button and an end and
power key on the left side of the device
is a user programmable soft key and your
micro USB charging port on the right
side of the Vice you've got a 3.5
millimeter headset jack which is always
nice volume up and down and another user
programmable key the back of the device
you've got a 3.2 megapixel autofocus
camera with flash it's actually really
nice the camera does take solid pictures
and it also takes video as well and the
back of device is actually metal and
it's got a kind of a neat release
mechanism for it took these two latches
on the side actually push them and the
whole bag pops up in the back is
actually metal so while that's nice for
build quality does make the device get a
little bit hot so keep in mind for that
cut and pop that back on there alright
moving on to the front of device here is
your speaker with an LED indicator
microphone on the bottom and on the top
you've got a lock button and a mute
button it's actually very neat feature
so to lock the phone you just pop that
locks it for you put in your pocket
unlock it you hit the same button now
you look at the blackberry storm the
first thing that you notice is it's
gorgeous screen and the screen on the
blackberry storm is a 480 x 320 color
display
showing over 65,000 colors and it's got
a light sensor on it which is kind of
needs a similar to say the iphone it'll
just for ambient light battery life on
this thing is verizon's estimating
standby time of 15 days and about 5.5
hours of talk time it's got 128
megabytes flash memory inside of it and
it comes pre-installed with an eight
gigabyte microSD card to augment its 1
gigabyte onboard flash memory so let me
go ahead give you guys a comparison to
this with some other devices that you
may be looking at or maybe even looking
to replace alright so for better or
worse the storm is going to first draw
comparisons to apple and AT&T iPhone so
here they are side-by-side you can
certainly see that the iphone is a
little bit bigger to put on top of each
other here size-wise you can see the
storm is just a little bit thicker and
it's also a little bit narrower so
relatively close in size and certainly a
pocketable device the phone that
probably most people and varieties will
be replacing the blackberry curve right
on top of each other almost exactly the
same dimensions on top with wise very
close stack them this way so you can see
almost identical another phone you guys
may be looking at is the AT&T and
samsung epix so here they are side by
side FX is just a little bit bigger
stacked on top almost the same size and
width was pretty close to the same size
there now the other black bear it's at
the top of rims lineup is the blackberry
bold released on 18 TS network so here
they are side-by-side this one certainly
doesn't have a touchscreen but does have
a full tactile QWERTY keyboard so the
bold is just a little bit longer on top
it's also just a little bit wider and
also just a little bit thicker
let's go ahead and give you guys a day
you're comparison here so guys I hope
you enjoyed the hardware review of the
just-released blackberry storm be sure
to stay tuned for pocket now for a full
review and some of the software of it it
is a very cool device I have really
enjoyed using it for the past day and a
half I'm going to save all my opinions
good and bad until the next video so be
sure to stick around and stay tuned and
check out pocketnow.com guys I will talk
to you soon bye